Build me a a portfolio , u have to Follow some Steps :
1)when u open my webpage , it should look look like a a Monitor screen , show that the the system is booting , 
	1)it should look like a mac termimal CLI interface .
	2)make one Loading bar . in the terminal theam and make it fill up till 100% taking up to 5 sec to load 
	
2)i want a Animation of a Boot menu loading , and after it finishes booting , the loading bar is at 100% ,then the page should transition to a Desktop .

3)the desktop images show be intractive , there should multiple icons on it like:
	1)This PC icon ---> should show how to navigate through my portflio.
	2)Document icon  ---> Should show my Resume
	3)Github icon  ---> Should redirect to my Git hub profile --> https://github.com/spro047?tab=repositories
	4)recycle bin icon  ---> Does ntg
	5)microscope icon  ---> should show all my Research papers .
	6)All should be the icons of the MacOS 
4)over all project shcope should :- my portfolio should look and work like mini macOS
5) follow the referance images that are being provided, dont recreate the images i uploaded , use onlt for referance , referance images are in the img folder.
6)ill provide u all the required Docs , one by one , u will have to place them in the Theam of the , till then u add the functionallity of opning of small window on a desktop screen  , Display "Content Will be added here "


Technology 
type script, any css frame work that will work the best to create this based on the referacnces 
 , node.js etc 
use my local storage for now 



1)ADD the Image of Files(int the img folder) that will be used as a File Explore in the project 
2)when i click on it , it should open a pop up window containing all the sub folder - (Image is in the img folddrr , name as subfolder)
3)there should be a sub folder that is named as Wallpaper
4)i should be able to change the wallpaper of the desktop based on the images inside of the sub folder of Wallpaper 
5)i should be able to see all the wallpaper , once i am inside of the subfolder
5)i should be able click twice on the image to set is as Desktop wallpaper . 




1) teminal speed at the start to reduce to 3 sec
2) the thisPC popup shoud be displace when u enter the Desktop



1)When i click on research paper a Bigger Pop up window should open .
2)all the Deatils of the Reseach must be Displayed in in that Pop-up window 
3)Content -->

Paper tittle ->Gender-Aware ADHD Detection Framework Combining
XGBoost and FLAML Models: Exploring Predictive Features in
Women Advancing Personalized ADHD Diagnosis

Abstract -->A machine learning architecture is introduced to predict attention deficit hyperactivity
disorder (ADHD) and biological sex from multimodal inputs. The problem sidesteps
the clinical task of early ADHD detection and adds prediction of sex as a meta-feature
to enhance robustness. The architecture is applied to demographic profiles, quantitative
tests, and functional brain connectomes as 200 × 200 matrices. Preprocessing includes
data harmonization, matrix symmetrization, graph-based descriptor extraction, including
total strength, mean, and standard deviation, categorical encoding, variance thresholding, and imputation of missing values using k-nearest neighbors. Sex classification is
performed using XGBoost with stratified cross-validation to generate probability outputs
that enhance the ADHD model. ADHD classification is tuned using FLAML’s automatic
hyperparameter search for XGBoost and class-weighting to address imbalance. Findings
show that combining imaging-derived features and automated model selection yields a
robust method of ADHD detection, underscoring the utility of multimodal data fusion in
neuropsychiatric studies.
Keywords: ADHD prediction; brain connectome; XGBoost; FLAML; machine learning

paper Link -->https://www.mdpi.com/2813-0324/12/1/6



Paper tittle ->Comparative Deep Neural Study For Stage-Wise
Alzheimer’s Disease Detection Using Brain MRI

Abstract -->Alzheimer's disease(AD) is a progressive neurological condition in
which reliable recognition of disease stage is important for planning treatment
and follow up. This study investigates four stages(Non, Very-Mild, Mild,
Moderate dementia) using structural brain MRI from an ADNI-based dataset
that is balanced across classes.A unified deep-learning pipeline is built around
one custom CNN and 5 transfer-learning models (VGG16, ResNet50,
DenseNet201, InceptionV3, EfficientNet-B1) all trained with consistent
preprocessing, augmentation and stratified data splits. The custom CNN
,VGG16 and denseNet201 reach test accuracy and macro F1-scores of 95-98%,
whereas EfficientNet-B1 and InceptionV3 remain substantially lower. The
results show that carefully tuned 2D CNN architectures are sufficient for
accurate stage-wise AD classification from MRI and help indicate which model
families are most suitable for computer-aided diagnosis in this setting.
Keywords: Alzheimer's disease(AD), Alzheimer's disease Neuroimaging
Initiative(ADNI) ,CNN, DenseNet201 , Early diagnosis , EfficientNet-B1 ,
InceptionV3 ,Multi-Class Classification, ResNet50 , VGG16 .



















